Added instructions for step 3 of infringement form (#2322)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/contact-extensions-team.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Report copyright or trademark infringement

> 

Reviewer: re: merge conflict: [main](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/main/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/contact-extensions-team.md) branch contains:

If you think an item in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website violates a copyright or trademark, fill out the [Reporting Infringement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/dmca) form.  The Microsoft Edge extensions team will review your report and then take the necessary action.

> If you think an item in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website violates a copyright or trademark, please fill out the [Reporting Infringement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/dmca) form. While filling up the Step-3 of the form in the **Product/Service/App** option, ensure you select **‘Microsoft Store on Windows’**. The Microsoft Edge extensions team will review your report and then take the necessary action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think an item in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website violates a copyright or trademark, please fill out the [Reporting Infringement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/dmca) form. In Step 3 of the form (**Step 3: Where can the infringing material be found?**), in the **Product/Service/App** option, make sure to select **Microsoft Store on Windows**. The Microsoft Edge extensions team will review your report and then take the necessary action.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please
